HOME, THEY WANT TO TAKE >>> JOINING US, THE FIRST
>>> JOINING US, THE FIRST DEMOCRAT FROM ALABAMA ELECTED IN
DEMOCRAT FROM ALABAMA ELECTED IN 25 YEARS, DOUG JONES, HE’S OUT
25 YEARS, DOUG JONES, HE’S OUT WITH "BENDING TOWARD JUSTICE."
WITH "BENDING TOWARD JUSTICE." SENATOR, WELCOME.
SENATOR, WELCOME. GREAT TO YOU HAVE WITH US.
GREAT TO YOU HAVE WITH US. I WANT TO ASK YOU FIRST ABOUT
I WANT TO ASK YOU FIRST ABOUT THE TERRIBLE, DEVASTATING
THE TERRIBLE, DEVASTATING TORNADOES THAT HIT YOUR STATE,
TORNADOES THAT HIT YOUR STATE, AT LEAST 23 PEOPLE DEAD,
AT LEAST 23 PEOPLE DEAD, INCLUDING CHILDREN THERE.
INCLUDING CHILDREN THERE. OUR HEARTS GO OUT TO YOU.
OUR HEARTS GO OUT TO YOU. WHAT ELSE CAN YOU TELL US ABOUT
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU TELL US ABOUT THE RECOVERY THERE?
THE RECOVERY THERE? >> UNFORTUNATELY THIS IS AN
>> UNFORTUNATELY THIS IS AN ALL-TOO FAMILIAR SCENE FOR FOLKS
ALL-TOO FAMILIAR SCENE FOR FOLKS IN HALL BAM AALABAMA, WHETHER IT
IN HALL BAM AALABAMA, WHETHER IT HURRICANES OR TORNADOES.
HURRICANES OR TORNADOES. THE GOVERNOR AND HER TEAM ARE ON
THE GOVERNOR AND HER TEAM ARE ON THE GROUND DOING INCREDIBLE
THE GROUND DOING INCREDIBLE WORK.
WORK. I THINK THEY’RE STILL IN SEARCH
I THINK THEY’RE STILL IN SEARCH AND RESCUE, GOING THROUGH ALL
AND RESCUE, GOING THROUGH ALL THE DEVASTATION AND FIND ALL THE
THE DEVASTATION AND FIND ALL THE INJURED.
INJURED. HOPEFULLY THE DEATH TOLL WILL
HOPEFULLY THE DEATH TOLL WILL NOT RISE AND THEN WE’LL START
NOT RISE AND THEN WE’LL START THE EFFORT TO REBUILD.
THE EFFORT TO REBUILD. ALABAMA HAS A RESILIENT PEOPLE.
ALABAMA HAS A RESILIENT PEOPLE. THEY ARE NEIGHBORLY AND PEOPLE
THEY ARE NEIGHBORLY AND PEOPLE ARE COMING FROM ALL OVER TO HELP
ARE COMING FROM ALL OVER TO HELP THE PEOPLE IN BOWEAUREGARD AND L
THE PEOPLE IN BOWEAUREGARD AND L COUNTY.
COUNTY. >> THOSE PICTURES ARE
>> THOSE PICTURES ARE BREATHTAKING.
BREATHTAKING. AS YOU KNOW BETTER THAN I, YOU
AS YOU KNOW BETTER THAN I, YOU JUST DON’T GET WARNING FOR THESE
JUST DON’T GET WARNING FOR THESE THINGS.
THINGS. THEY DROP ON TOP OF YOU AND YOU
THEY DROP ON TOP OF YOU AND YOU CAN’T GET OUT OF THE WAY.
CAN’T GET OUT OF THE WAY. >> WE’VE DONE A BETTER JOB BUT
>> WE’VE DONE A BETTER JOB BUT THEY HAPPEN QUICKLY.
THEY HAPPEN QUICKLY. I WILL TELL YOU, I’VE SEEN THAT
I WILL TELL YOU, I’VE SEEN THAT DAMAGE FIRSTHAND, NOT THAT
DAMAGE FIRSTHAND, NOT THAT PARTICULAR STORM.
PARTICULAR STORM. YOU CAN SEE THE VIDEO AND THE
YOU CAN SEE THE VIDEO AND THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
PHOTOGRAPHS. UNTIL YOU ACTUALLY WITNESS THIS,
UNTIL YOU ACTUALLY WITNESS THIS, YOU CAN’T POSSIBLY IMAGINE.
YOU CAN’T POSSIBLY IMAGINE. IT WILL TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY
IT WILL TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY THE DEVASTATION THESE TORNADOES
THE DEVASTATION THESE TORNADOES CAN DO.
CAN DO. I’M VERY PROUD AT THE RESPONSE
I’M VERY PROUD AT THE RESPONSE THAT THE PEOPLE OF ALABAMA ARE
THAT THE PEOPLE OF ALABAMA ARE SHOWING RIGHT NOW AND I THANK
SHOWING RIGHT NOW AND I THANK ALL OF THOSE AROUND THE COUNTRY
ALL OF THOSE AROUND THE COUNTRY FOR THEIR THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS
FOR THEIR THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS AS WELL.
AS WELL. >> WE JUST CAN’T NOT BELIEVE THE
>> WE JUST CAN’T NOT BELIEVE THE PICTURES WE’RE SEEING.
PICTURES WE’RE SEEING. BEFORE WE GET TO YOUR BOOK,
BEFORE WE GET TO YOUR BOOK, WHICH IS FASCINATING, I WANT TO
WHICH IS FASCINATING, I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT SOME OF THE NEWS
ASK YOU ABOUT SOME OF THE NEWS THIS MORNING INCLUDING HOUSE
THIS MORNING INCLUDING HOUSE DEMOCRATS, THE HOUSE JUDICIARY
DEMOCRATS, THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE LED BY JERRY NADLER,
COMMITTEE LED BY JERRY NADLER, FELLOW DEMOCRAT, SENDING OUT
FELLOW DEMOCRAT, SENDING OUT LETTERS TO MORE THAN 80 PEOPLE
LETTERS TO MORE THAN 80 PEOPLE IN DONALD TRUMP’S LIFE, THE
IN DONALD TRUMP’S LIFE, THE DEMOCRATS SAID IF WE GET
DEMOCRATS SAID IF WE GET ELECTED, WE’LL TAKE OVER THESE
ELECTED, WE’LL TAKE OVER THESE COMMITTEES IN THE HOUSE AND WE
COMMITTEES IN THE HOUSE AND WE WILL EXERCISE OUR RIGHT TO
WILL EXERCISE OUR RIGHT TO OVERSEE THE PRESIDENT OF THE
OVERSEE THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AND THIS WHITE
UNITED STATES AND THIS WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. DO YOU SUPPORT THE EFFORTS BY
DO YOU SUPPORT THE EFFORTS BY JERRY NADLER?
JERRY NADLER? DO YOU THINK IT’S A GOOD IDEA TO
DO YOU THINK IT’S A GOOD IDEA TO HAVE THIS SWEEPING
HAVE THIS SWEEPING INVESTIGATION?
INVESTIGATION? >> I THINK CERTAINLY YOU HAVE TO
>> I THINK CERTAINLY YOU HAVE TO START OVERSIGHT.
START OVERSIGHT. I THINK THE HOUSE FOLKS ARE IN A
I THINK THE HOUSE FOLKS ARE IN A MUCH BETTER POSITION THAN I AM.
MUCH BETTER POSITION THAN I AM. YOU HAVE TO GO WHERE EVIDENCE
YOU HAVE TO GO WHERE EVIDENCE LEADS YOU.
LEADS YOU. AS IT COMES IN, YOU JUST CAN’T
AS IT COMES IN, YOU JUST CAN’T IGNORE CERTAIN THINGS.
IGNORE CERTAIN THINGS. THEY’RE GOING TO BE LOOKING AT
THEY’RE GOING TO BE LOOKING AT EVERY ASPECT POSSIBLE.
EVERY ASPECT POSSIBLE. WE’VE GONE FOR TWO YEARS WITH NO
WE’VE GONE FOR TWO YEARS WITH NO OVERSIGHT WHATSOEVER.
OVERSIGHT WHATSOEVER. I DO THINK WE HAVE TO BE VERY
I DO THINK WE HAVE TO BE VERY CAREFUL NOT TO MAKE THIS ABOUT
CAREFUL NOT TO MAKE THIS ABOUT AN INDIVIDUAL AND MAKE THIS
AN INDIVIDUAL AND MAKE THIS ABOUT OVERSIGHT AND ABOUT
ABOUT OVERSIGHT AND ABOUT ALLEGED CRIMINAL ACTIVITY OR
ALLEGED CRIMINAL ACTIVITY OR OBSTRUCTION AND NOT ABOUT AN
OBSTRUCTION AND NOT ABOUT AN INDIVIDUAL.
INDIVIDUAL. I’VE SEEN THAT TOO MANY TIMES
I’VE SEEN THAT TOO MANY TIMES WITH PROSECUTORS.
WITH PROSECUTORS. BUT I THINK CERTAINLY THERE’S
BUT I THINK CERTAINLY THERE’S GOT TO BE THIS SIGNIFICANT
GOT TO BE THIS SIGNIFICANT OVERSIGHT INTO WHAT’S GOING ON
OVERSIGHT INTO WHAT’S GOING ON WITH THE ADMINISTRATION.
WITH THE ADMINISTRATION. >> ISN’T THIS PRETTY CLEARLY,
>> ISN’T THIS PRETTY CLEARLY, SENATOR, ABOUT ONE INDIVIDUAL,
SENATOR, ABOUT ONE INDIVIDUAL, PRESIDENT TRUMP?
PRESIDENT TRUMP? >> NO, I DON’T THINK IT IS ABOUT
>> NO, I DON’T THINK IT IS ABOUT ONE INDIVIDUAL.
ONE INDIVIDUAL. I THINK IT’S ABOUT THE
I THINK IT’S ABOUT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE ADMINISTRATION
ACTIVITIES OF THE ADMINISTRATION AT THIS POINT.
AT THIS POINT. CLEARLY THERE ARE PEOPLE,
CLEARLY THERE ARE PEOPLE, INCLUDING THE PRESIDENT, THAT
INCLUDING THE PRESIDENT, THAT ARE INVOLVED IN THAT FOR SURE,
ARE INVOLVED IN THAT FOR SURE, BUT I DON’T THINK THAT YOU CAN
BUT I DON’T THINK THAT YOU CAN SAY RIGHT NOW AT ALL THAT THIS
SAY RIGHT NOW AT ALL THAT THIS IS CLEARLY FOCUSED ON ONE
IS CLEARLY FOCUSED ON ONE INDIVIDUAL.
INDIVIDUAL. I THINK THEY ARE GOING WHERE
I THINK THEY ARE GOING WHERE THEY HAVE SOME INFORMATION AND I
THEY HAVE SOME INFORMATION AND I THINK THAT THAT’S THE KEY.
THINK THAT THAT’S THE KEY. I DON’T THINK YOU ISSUE BROAD
I DON’T THINK YOU ISSUE BROAD RANGE SUBPOENAS WITHOUT SOME
RANGE SUBPOENAS WITHOUT SOME INFORMATION THAT THERE IS
INFORMATION THAT THERE IS INFORMATION THERE THAT YOU NEED
INFORMATION THERE THAT YOU NEED FOR THAT OVERSIGHT
FOR THAT OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITY.
RESPONSIBILITY. I THINK THAT’S THE RESPONSIBLE
I THINK THAT’S THE RESPONSIBLE THING TO DO.
THING TO DO. >> SENATOR, THERE’S AN ALABAMA
>> SENATOR, THERE’S AN ALABAMA WOMAN, AMERICAN-BORN WOMAN NOW
WOMAN, AMERICAN-BORN WOMAN NOW CURRENTLY IN SYRIA BEING HELD.
CURRENTLY IN SYRIA BEING HELD. SHE IS BEING REPRESENTED BY A
SHE IS BEING REPRESENTED BY A COUPLE OF LAWYERS WHO ARE INTENT
COUPLE OF LAWYERS WHO ARE INTENT ON GETTING HER BACK TO THE
ON GETTING HER BACK TO THE UNITED STATES BASED UPON THE
UNITED STATES BASED UPON THE FACT THEY CLAIM SHE’S AN
FACT THEY CLAIM SHE’S AN AMERICAN CITIZEN, WHICH SHE ONCE
AMERICAN CITIZEN, WHICH SHE ONCE WAS.
WAS. WHAT’S YOUR VIEW ON THAT?
WHAT’S YOUR VIEW ON THAT? SHOULD SHE BE ALLOWED TO RETURN
SHOULD SHE BE ALLOWED TO RETURN TO THIS COUNTRY?
TO THIS COUNTRY? SHOULD SHE BE ALLOWED TO RETURN
SHOULD SHE BE ALLOWED TO RETURN TO THIS COUNTRY IN HANDCUFF?
TO THIS COUNTRY IN HANDCUFF? WHAT’S YOUR VIEW?
WHAT’S YOUR VIEW? >> MY VIEW ABOUT THAT IS I THINK
>> MY VIEW ABOUT THAT IS I THINK SHE NEEDS TO FACE JUSTICE.
SHE NEEDS TO FACE JUSTICE. I DON’T KNOW THE DETAILS ABOUT
I DON’T KNOW THE DETAILS ABOUT HER CITIZENSHIP.
HER CITIZENSHIP. THAT’S GOING TO BE BETWEEN THE
THAT’S GOING TO BE BETWEEN THE COURTS AND THE STATE DEPARTMENT.
COURTS AND THE STATE DEPARTMENT. AS A FORMER PROSECUTOR WHO HAS
AS A FORMER PROSECUTOR WHO HAS PUT A COUPLE OF DOMESTIC
PUT A COUPLE OF DOMESTIC TERRORISTS IN PRISON BEFORE, I
TERRORISTS IN PRISON BEFORE, I JUST HAVE A FAITH IN THE
JUST HAVE A FAITH IN THE AMERICAN SYSTEM OF JUSTICE AND
AMERICAN SYSTEM OF JUSTICE AND THIS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE AND
THIS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE AND IN ANY SUCCEEDING DEPARTMENT OF
IN ANY SUCCEEDING DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TO MAKE SURE THOSE WHO
JUSTICE TO MAKE SURE THOSE WHO HAVE COMMITTED CRIMES AGAINST
HAVE COMMITTED CRIMES AGAINST THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES
THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES ARE HELD ACCOUNTABLE.
ARE HELD ACCOUNTABLE. I THINK IT SENDS A WRONG MESSAGE
I THINK IT SENDS A WRONG MESSAGE THAT WHEN SOMEONE CAN COMMIT
THAT WHEN SOMEONE CAN COMMIT CRIMES AGAINST THE UNITED
CRIMES AGAINST THE UNITED STATES, FLEE TO ANOTHER COUNTRY
STATES, FLEE TO ANOTHER COUNTRY THAT THEY GET ESSENTIALLY A GET
THAT THEY GET ESSENTIALLY A GET OUT OF JAIL FREE CARD TO REMAIN
OUT OF JAIL FREE CARD TO REMAIN SOMEWHERE OTHER THAN IN THIS
SOMEWHERE OTHER THAN IN THIS COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. I THINK IT’S BETTER TO BRING HER
I THINK IT’S BETTER TO BRING HER BACK, NOT WITH OPEN ARMS, NOT
BACK, NOT WITH OPEN ARMS, NOT WITH A WELCOMING PARTY BUT TO
WITH A WELCOMING PARTY BUT TO FACE THE AMERICAN SYSTEM OF
FACE THE AMERICAN SYSTEM OF JUSTICE.
JUSTICE. SHE COMMITTED A CRIME AGAINST
SHE COMMITTED A CRIME AGAINST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND SHE
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND SHE SHOULD FACE THE CONSEQUENCES.
SHOULD FACE THE CONSEQUENCES. >> YOU’RE THE FIRST DEMOCRAT TO
>> YOU’RE THE FIRST DEMOCRAT TO SUPPORT THE PICK FOR WILLIAM
SUPPORT THE PICK FOR WILLIAM BARR.
BARR. IT CAME OUT HE WILL NOT RECUSE
IT CAME OUT HE WILL NOT RECUSE HIMSELF FOR OVERSEEING THE
HIMSELF FOR OVERSEEING THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION. DOES THAT CONCERN YOU OR IS IT
DOES THAT CONCERN YOU OR IS IT AN APPROPRIATE DECISION?
AN APPROPRIATE DECISION? >> I THINK IT’S AN APPROPRIATE
>> I THINK IT’S AN APPROPRIATE DECISION.
DECISION. I DIDN’T SEE ANYTHING IN MY DUE
I DIDN’T SEE ANYTHING IN MY DUE DILIGENCE AGAINST BARR.
DILIGENCE AGAINST BARR. I HAVE FOLLOWED HIS CAREER AND I
I HAVE FOLLOWED HIS CAREER AND I TALKED TO HIM EXTENSIVELY ABOUT
TALKED TO HIM EXTENSIVELY ABOUT THAT.
THAT. I DIDN’T SEE ANYTHING THAT WOULD
I DIDN’T SEE ANYTHING THAT WOULD REQUIRE HIM TO RECUSE HIMSELF IN
REQUIRE HIM TO RECUSE HIMSELF IN THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION. I FEEL THAT HE WILL DO THE RIGHT
I FEEL THAT HE WILL DO THE RIGHT THING.
THING. I THINK HE’S GOING TO PROTECT
I THINK HE’S GOING TO PROTECT THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION AND I
THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION AND I DO BELIEVE HE WILL DO WHAT HE
DO BELIEVE HE WILL DO WHAT HE CAN TO MAKE SURE AS MUCH OF THAT
CAN TO MAKE SURE AS MUCH OF THAT MUELLER REPORT IS MADE PUBLIC AS
MUELLER REPORT IS MADE PUBLIC AS POSSIBLE.
POSSIBLE. >> SENATOR, YOUR BOOK IS CALLED
>> SENATOR, YOUR BOOK IS CALLED "BENDING TOWARD JUSTICE, THE
"BENDING TOWARD JUSTICE, THE BIRMINGHAM CHURCH BOMBING THAT
BIRMINGHAM CHURCH BOMBING THAT CHANGED THE COURSE OF CIVIL
CHANGED THE COURSE OF CIVIL RIGHTS."
RIGHTS." THIS WAS THAT DAY IN 1963 WHEN
THIS WAS THAT DAY IN 1963 WHEN FOUR LITTLE GIRLS WHEN KILLED AS
FOUR LITTLE GIRLS WHEN KILLED AS KLANSMEN PLANTED DYNAMITE UNDER
KLANSMEN PLANTED DYNAMITE UNDER THE CHURCH.
THE CHURCH. WHAT CAUSED YOU TO WRITE THIS
WHAT CAUSED YOU TO WRITE THIS HISTORY?
HISTORY? >> I ALWAYS FELT THAT THE CASE
>> I ALWAYS FELT THAT THE CASE SHOULD BE PUT DOWN, ALL OF THE
SHOULD BE PUT DOWN, ALL OF THE CASES, WHAT HAPPENED IN
CASES, WHAT HAPPENED IN BIRMINGHAM IN 1963 AS WE KNOW
BIRMINGHAM IN 1963 AS WE KNOW IT, HOW WE CAME TOGETHER TO
IT, HOW WE CAME TOGETHER TO PROSECUTOR THOSE CASES
PROSECUTOR THOSE CASES SUCCESSFULLY AND TO GET THE
SUCCESSFULLY AND TO GET THE STORY, TO LET EVERYBODY GO
STORY, TO LET EVERYBODY GO BEHIND THE CURTAIN TO SEE WHAT
BEHIND THE CURTAIN TO SEE WHAT HAPPENED AND HOW WE PUT THE
HAPPENED AND HOW WE PUT THE CASES TOGETHER.
CASES TOGETHER. UP
UP YOU KNOW, SOME 37 AND 38 YEARS
YOU KNOW, SOME 37 AND 38 YEARS LATER, IT TOOK A LONG TIME FOR
LATER, IT TOOK A LONG TIME FOR ME TO PULL THAT TOGETHER.
ME TO PULL THAT TOGETHER. I DO THINK IT’S IMPORTANT TO
I DO THINK IT’S IMPORTANT TO REMIND PEOPLE WHAT HAPPENED IN
REMIND PEOPLE WHAT HAPPENED IN THE CIVIL RIGHTS ERA OF THE 50s
THE CIVIL RIGHTS ERA OF THE 50s AND 60s IN PARTICULAR AND THE
AND 60s IN PARTICULAR AND THE CRIMES AND THE ATROCITIES.
CRIMES AND THE ATROCITIES. PART OF THE CHURCH BOMBING
PART OF THE CHURCH BOMBING OCCURRED BECAUSE OF THE RHETORIC
OCCURRED BECAUSE OF THE RHETORIC OF PUBLIC PHYSICALS, WHETHER IT
OF PUBLIC PHYSICALS, WHETHER IT WAS GEORGE WALLACE OR BEAU
WAS GEORGE WALLACE OR BEAU CONNOR.
CONNOR. WE NOW SEE SO MUCH RHETORIC IN
WE NOW SEE SO MUCH RHETORIC IN THE SOCIAL MEDIA AND IN OUR
THE SOCIAL MEDIA AND IN OUR PUBLIC LIFE THAT WE HAVE TO
PUBLIC LIFE THAT WE HAVE TO REMIND PEOPLE OF WHAT HAPPENED
REMIND PEOPLE OF WHAT HAPPENED SO WE HOPEFULLY DON’T DO THAT
SO WE HOPEFULLY DON’T DO THAT AND GO BACK THERE AGAIN.
AND GO BACK THERE AGAIN. IT’S NOT JUST A BLACK-AND-WHITE
IT’S NOT JUST A BLACK-AND-WHITE ISSUE ANYMORE.
ISSUE ANYMORE. IT INVOLVES RACE, RELIGION,
IT INVOLVES RACE, RELIGION, GENDER, YOU NAME IT.
GENDER, YOU NAME IT. THERE IS SO MUCH HATE AND
THERE IS SO MUCH HATE AND RHETORIC AND DIVISIVENESS THAT
RHETORIC AND DIVISIVENESS THAT THIS IS AN IMPORTANT REMINDER
THIS IS AN IMPORTANT REMINDER THAT WE NEED TO CARE FOR EACH
THAT WE NEED TO CARE FOR EACH OTHER MORE, RESPECT EACH OTHER
OTHER MORE, RESPECT EACH OTHER MORE AND CONSIDER THINGS FROM
MORE AND CONSIDER THINGS FROM OTHER PEOPLE’S POINT OF VIEW.
OTHER PEOPLE’S POINT OF VIEW. >> GENE ROBINSON HAS A QUESTION
>> GENE ROBINSON HAS A QUESTION FOR YOU.
FOR YOU. >> SURE.
>> SURE. >> JUST TO FOLLOW UP, WE ARE AT
>> JUST TO FOLLOW UP, WE ARE AT A MOMENT WHEN RACE RELATIONS IN
A MOMENT WHEN RACE RELATIONS IN THIS COUNTRY SEEM TO HAVE GONE
THIS COUNTRY SEEM TO HAVE GONE BACKWARDS.
BACKWARDS. AND I SEE SORT OF EXPRESSIONS OF
AND I SEE SORT OF EXPRESSIONS OF OUTRIGHT, OVERT VICIOUS RACISM
OUTRIGHT, OVERT VICIOUS RACISM THAT I HAVEN’T REALLY SEEN SINCE
THAT I HAVEN’T REALLY SEEN SINCE MY CHILDHOOD IN THE SOUTH.
MY CHILDHOOD IN THE SOUTH. AND SO, YOU KNOW, AS ANOTHER
AND SO, YOU KNOW, AS ANOTHER SOUTHERNER AND AN AMERICAN, HOW
SOUTHERNER AND AN AMERICAN, HOW DO YOU SEE THIS ATMOSPHERE AND,
DO YOU SEE THIS ATMOSPHERE AND, YOU KNOW, YOU HOPE THAT WE GET
YOU KNOW, YOU HOPE THAT WE GET OUT OF IT BUT HOW DO WE GET OUT
OUT OF IT BUT HOW DO WE GET OUT OF IT?
OF IT? HOW DO WE GET BACK ON THE PATH
HOW DO WE GET BACK ON THE PATH OF THAT BENDING ARC BENDING
OF THAT BENDING ARC BENDING TOWARD JUSTICE RATHER THAN AWAY
TOWARD JUSTICE RATHER THAN AWAY FROM IT?
FROM IT? >> GENE, IT’S A GREAT QUESTION.
>> GENE, IT’S A GREAT QUESTION. IT’S SOMETHING I THINK ALL
IT’S SOMETHING I THINK ALL AMERICANS SHOULD BE CONCERNED
AMERICANS SHOULD BE CONCERNED ABOUT THESE DAYS.
ABOUT THESE DAYS. YOU KNOW, UNFORTUNATELY I THINK
YOU KNOW, UNFORTUNATELY I THINK WE SEE SO MUCH IN SOCIAL MEDIA
WE SEE SO MUCH IN SOCIAL MEDIA WHERE PEOPLE CAN JUST SIT BEHIND
WHERE PEOPLE CAN JUST SIT BEHIND IN THEIR SILOS AND BEHIND CLOSED
IN THEIR SILOS AND BEHIND CLOSED DOORS AND THEY CAN JUST EXPRESS
DOORS AND THEY CAN JUST EXPRESS THINGS THEY WOULD NEFF HAVEVER H
THINGS THEY WOULD NEFF HAVEVER H SAID TO SOMEONE FACE TO FACE.
SAID TO SOMEONE FACE TO FACE. I THINK WE HAVE TO HAVE MORE
I THINK WE HAVE TO HAVE MORE DIALOGUES IN THIS COUNTRY ABOUT
DIALOGUES IN THIS COUNTRY ABOUT RACE AND RELIGION AND GENDER
RACE AND RELIGION AND GENDER EQUALITY.
EQUALITY. IT’S A MUCH BROADER CONVERSATION
IT’S A MUCH BROADER CONVERSATION I THINK WE HAVE TO HAVE AND I
I THINK WE HAVE TO HAVE AND I THINK WE HAVE TO DIAL BACK THE
THINK WE HAVE TO DIAL BACK THE RHETORIC.
RHETORIC. YOU’RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
YOU’RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT. UP SEE
UP SEE YOU SEE THE OVERT RACISM BUT YOU
YOU SEE THE OVERT RACISM BUT YOU ALSO SEE WHAT I CALL POLITICAL
ALSO SEE WHAT I CALL POLITICAL RACE I, THE EFFORTS TO DENY
RACE I, THE EFFORTS TO DENY PEOPLE THE RIGHT TO VOTE, NOT
PEOPLE THE RIGHT TO VOTE, NOT BECAUSE OF THE HATRED OF THE
BECAUSE OF THE HATRED OF THE RACE BUT BECAUSE OF THE
RACE BUT BECAUSE OF THE POLITICAL POWER THAT IT BRINGS.
POLITICAL POWER THAT IT BRINGS. I THINK ALL THAT COMES INTO PLAY
I THINK ALL THAT COMES INTO PLAY AND PEOPLE JUST GO TO THEIR
AND PEOPLE JUST GO TO THEIR CORNERS WHEN THIS COMES UP.
CORNERS WHEN THIS COMES UP. INSTEAD OF HAVING THE
INSTEAD OF HAVING THE CONVERSATIONS, THEY JUST GO TO
CONVERSATIONS, THEY JUST GO TO THEIR CORNERS AND WANT TO YELL
THEIR CORNERS AND WANT TO YELL AT EACH OTHER AND WE GOT TO GET
AT EACH OTHER AND WE GOT TO GET OVER THAT.
OVER THAT. WE GOT TO NOT HAVE THOSE KIND OF
WE GOT TO NOT HAVE THOSE KIND OF DIVISIVE POLITICS.
DIVISIVE POLITICS. >> SENATOR, SOCIAL MEDIA
>> SENATOR, SOCIAL MEDIA CERTAINLY INFLAMES THE SITUATION
CERTAINLY INFLAMES THE SITUATION ON AN ALMOST MINUTE-BY-MINUTE
ON AN ALMOST MINUTE-BY-MINUTE BASIS IN THIS COUNTRY, BUT
BASIS IN THIS COUNTRY, BUT WHAT’S YOUR VIEW ON WORDS AS
WHAT’S YOUR VIEW ON WORDS AS WEAPONS EMPLOYED BY THE
WEAPONS EMPLOYED BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES?
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES? NOT NECESSARILY ON RACE BUT ON
NOT NECESSARILY ON RACE BUT ON DIVISION.
DIVISION. I MEAN, WE HAVE ENOUGH DIVISIONS
I MEAN, WE HAVE ENOUGH DIVISIONS IN THIS COUNTRY AND YET A LOT OF
IN THIS COUNTRY AND YET A LOT OF WHAT HE SEEMS TO BE SAYING
WHAT HE SEEMS TO BE SAYING EXACERBATES DIVISIONS.
EXACERBATES DIVISIONS. >> I AGREE WITH THAT.
>> I AGREE WITH THAT. AND IT’S VERY DISAPPOINTING.
AND IT’S VERY DISAPPOINTING. I DON’T THINK THE PRESIDENT OR
I DON’T THINK THE PRESIDENT OR ANY PUBLIC OFFICIAL OR ANY
ANY PUBLIC OFFICIAL OR ANY INDIVIDUAL SHOULD BE SAYING
INDIVIDUAL SHOULD BE SAYING THOSE KIND OF THINGS.
THOSE KIND OF THINGS. AGAIN, THAT KIND OF GOES BACK TO
AGAIN, THAT KIND OF GOES BACK TO WHAT I THINK IS MORE OF A
WHAT I THINK IS MORE OF A POLITICAL PLAY RIGHT NOW, TO TRY
POLITICAL PLAY RIGHT NOW, TO TRY TO, YOU KNOW, JUST TALK TO THE
TO, YOU KNOW, JUST TALK TO THE BASE AND TO GET THEM SUPPORTIVE
BASE AND TO GET THEM SUPPORTIVE AND ENSURE SUPPORT.
AND ENSURE SUPPORT. BUT IT’S VERY, VERY DIVISIVE.
BUT IT’S VERY, VERY DIVISIVE. I’VE BEEN CONCERNED ABOUT THAT
I’VE BEEN CONCERNED ABOUT THAT DURING THE CAMPAIGN, COMMENTS
DURING THE CAMPAIGN, COMMENTS FOLLOWING CHARLESTON AND
FOLLOWING CHARLESTON AND PARTICULARLY CHARLOTTESVILLE.
PARTICULARLY CHARLOTTESVILLE. I THINK THOSE THINGS KIND OF
I THINK THOSE THINGS KIND OF HURT US.
HURT US. I GO BACK TO WHAT HAPPENED IN
I GO BACK TO WHAT HAPPENED IN ALABAMA.
ALABAMA. ANYONE WILL TELL YOU THAT
ANYONE WILL TELL YOU THAT STUDIED THE HISTORY OF THE CIVIL
STUDIED THE HISTORY OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT IN THE SOUTH,
RIGHTS MOVEMENT IN THE SOUTH, PEOPLE WERE EMPOWERED TO DO
PEOPLE WERE EMPOWERED TO DO THINGS THEY MIGHT NOT HAVE BEEN
THINGS THEY MIGHT NOT HAVE BEEN OTHERWISE EMPOWERED TO DO.
OTHERWISE EMPOWERED TO DO. WE’VE GOT TO BE VERY, VERY
WE’VE GOT TO BE VERY, VERY CAREFUL ABOUT THAT.
CAREFUL ABOUT THAT. >> THE BOOK IS "BENDING TOWARD
>> THE BOOK IS "BENDING TOWARD JUSTICE, THE BIRMINGHAM CHURCH
JUSTICE, THE BIRMINGHAM CHURCH BOMBING THAT CHANGED THE COURSE
BOMBING THAT CHANGED THE COURSE OF CIVIL RIGHTS."
OF CIVIL RIGHTS." IT IS OUT TODAY.
IT IS OUT TODAY. IF YOU’VE NEVER BEEN TO
IF YOU’VE NEVER BEEN TO BIRMINGHAM AND STOOD THERE NEXT
BIRMINGHAM AND STOOD THERE NEXT TO THE 16th STREET BAPTIST
TO THE 16th STREET BAPTIST CHURCH, IT’S SOMETHING YOU OUGHT
CHURCH, IT’S SOMETHING YOU OUGHT TO DO AT LEAST ONCE IN YOUR
TO DO AT LEAST ONCE IN YOUR LIFE.
LIFE. SENATOR, WE APPRECIATE YOUR
SENATOR, WE APPRECIATE YOUR TIME.
TIME. >> GREAT TO BE HERE THIS
>> GREAT TO BE HERE THIS MORNING.
MORNING. >> STILL AHEAD, QUESTIONS ABOUT
>> STILL AHEAD, QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER ROGER STONE VIOLATED HIS